hey guys I know it's been a while since
we've chatted I hopefully you are all
having a fabulous summer if you don't
follow me on Instagram and snapchat make
sure you are because I update on there
every single day as well as well as on
my blog Katie's list icon so make sure
you're checking out those because I know
kind of bad about YouTube I'm only
uploading like once a month now so I'm
sorry don't hate me but make sure you're
following me elsewhere to keep up with
all foods meat I wanted to give you guys
a peek into my bathroom today
and take you through my cabinets and
show you all of the products I've been
loving and I'm really impressed with
myself right now because everything is
really clean and organized so Pat myself
on the back right there okay so into the
bathroom and if you didn't check out my
blog recently I actually did a whole
blog post on our bathroom and some of
those items in here like our shower
curtain and our towels and like our only
little knickknacks so I'll link that
down below
if you're curious where anything is from
and just always out in the counter this
is like Nick's washer thing for his gums
or teeth it's like a Waterpik or
something I'm not sure that's his thing
we have our two brushes and then our
favorite
Cetaphil body lotion and he's that every
night and then we have like a candle out
and then a co Bigelow cream I actually
just picked those up at the store in the
West Village earlier and then we just
have these jars here from Anthropologie
where we have cotton balls q-tips I'm
going to keep all my hair ties in this
little one right there so I'll start
with my my third of the medicine cabinet
because it's by the most exciting and
the one
you guys would want to see the most this
bottom shelf right here is the one that
I use to be most often and it contains
all of my face and skin care products so
these are face creams that I'm using on
an everyday basis so I mean sk2 serum my
lancome tanner I use that a lot during
the summer months especially before I go
out in the Sun because it's sunscreen in
it I've started using this Elizabeth
Arden sunscreen moisturizer type of
thing I have a cleanser here that I use
when I wash my face at night then I have
this face mist when washed glossy a
glossy a that I actually just got a few
weeks ago and I cream from Estee to do
that ideas ever seen tonight a chance of
KY moisturizer there's a dolce & gabbana
face moisturizer down here another first
Beauty moisturizer that's such a good
brand and they have such a horrible
product I have a lot of first day beauty
stuff as you guys can see
Neutrogena hand cream this is the one my
mom always used when I was little so now
I use it and there's more for your first
day beauty stuff that little ji cream
that I haven't gotten to yet and then
this fresh face cream is amazing so
moving on up these are the hair products
that I use most often I have a few
different hair sprays this Pantene
overnight miracle
whenever I wash my hair which is only
like boys a week I only wash my hair
twice a week I'll put this in after and
done this is the Herbal Essences heat
protectant I use before blow drying or
styling my hair
another hairspray from bumble and bumble
a lot of different oils I use Moroccan
oil in my hair a beach wave spray and
then Dove dry shampoo this is great I
use this all the time especially when my
hair starts to get a little bit oily in
between washes we have to the third
shelf this is where I keep products I
haven't really gotten to yet so I have
like an extra shaving cream I have a lot
of Kate Somerville products there are an
esky to cream another first aid beauty
product and then I have a few face masks
that I use from Clinique so those are
right there and then at the very top I
have some more masks so on the right
side is some face masks like from SK 2
and then on the left side is where I
keep my hair masks and I
these once a week normally on a Sunday
night I'll do a different hair mask
before I shower and wash my hair at the
beginning of the week so I keep those up
there and now over to the far right side
this is my side kind of again we share
some stuff over here but it's mostly my
stuff so at the bottom I just have like
a lot of nail polish so almost like the
nail polishes that I'm using right now I
kind of keep out here but I actually
have another full box of nail polish
that I keep like out in our other little
storage unit so this isn't even old my
nail polishing up kind of embarrassing
and then I have like face wipes and then
just like my little supplies for when I
do like pedicures and manicures and
stuff and then moving up I just have two
faced here but normally we keep it out
in the counter um but I just put that
away it was messy sometimes you guys and
then I have some tanning stuff so I have
a tanner right there that I use and then
like all of like our sunscreen and then
I don't even know why we have hydrogen
peroxide but it's there and then I will
briefly show you Nick's side it's not
too exciting very you know what you
would expect from a boy so at the bottom
is deodorant and then I keep like some
vitamins down there and then retainers
vaseline vaseline lotion and then those
are like some of the hair products that
Nick uses he's a big Moroccan oil and
dove men dump ferment fan and then he
just has like some contacts uh hairspray
shaving stuff not too exciting his stuff
he's pretty minimal he's not very high
maintenance so all this stuff is good
care if you end the video I will just
take you into our shower it's not very
exciting but if you saw our last
apartment videos you know that this is
much nicer than our previous shower at
our old apartment like the tiles were
literally falling off the wall it was
kind of gross but okay so I just had a
lot of different shampoos that I've
gotten samples of in various brands
Campinas shave gel crest shave gel not
shave gel shower gel Moroccan oil
shampoo and conditioner back there
and then over here that carol's daughter
scrub is so good especially during the
summer months when you know I like put
tanner on and things like that it's
great to keep skin exfoliated and sk2
cleanser a shampoo from or a
professional that I love for
color-treated hair that Kate Somerville
scrub is amazing for the face the NYX
one product is his tea tree shampoo
think you think obsessed with in order
is to rehab it on so that's like is one
thing but other than that heinous will
like use myself which is fine and then
just to end the video show you guys a
little bit of U of the city it's such a
beautiful day and yes the best view in
our apartment is in our bathroom there
you can see the Empire State Building
it's really sick like at night when
everything's like lit up or when the Sun
is setting it like I will get so pretty
and painting like orange to check out my
Instagram because I've posted a few cool
pictures on there alright guys well that
one's a little tour of my bathroom and
then also what is in my bathroom
cabinets I will try and link as many of
the products I mentioned in the downbar
and on my blog Katy's list calm as
possible but if you have any questions
definitely let me know and I'll try my
best to answer but other than that
definitely make sure to check out my
snapchat Instagram and then my blog too
because I'm posting over there way more
than I am posting here I know it's just
the lows of having a full time job and
so many other commitments I can't post
on here as often and so it kind of sucks
but is what it is so hopefully you guys
enjoyed this video and I will talk to
you all when I talk to you again bye